On behalf of the governing body, I can say that we really appreciate your attending this
pursue peace convention.
Speaking of peace, we love the serene setting here at our World Headquarters on Blue Lake
in New York State.
At times, the water is as smooth as a mirror.
We occasionally see eagles and hawks fly by, and in the fall of the year when the leaves
change colors, the forest can look spectacular.
More important than this tranquil setting, though, is the abundant peace that Jehovah has
given to his organization.
We can say this because of the peace and harmony that unite us, no matter what our nationality,
language, race, tribe, or social background is.
This is truly spectacular, especially when we consider all the turmoil in the world,
and how divided people are politically, socially, and religiously.
However, we cannot take our beautiful peace for granted.
It's not maintained automatically.
Each of us personally must pursue peace in order to have God's approval.
Jehovah certainly wants his worshipers to enjoy lasting peace.
That was true in ancient times.
God told Moses to have the priests in Israel bless the people with very reassuring words.
Notice these words that we find at Numbers 6, verses 24 through 26, and hear what the
priests were to say to the people.
May Jehovah bless you and safeguard you.
May Jehovah make his face shine upon you and may he favor you.
May Jehovah lift up his face toward you and grant you peace.
The next verse states, and they must place my name upon the people of Israel that I may
bless them.
Jehovah has placed his name on us too, and he is richly blessing us.
Let's consider what this convention program is going to cover, so that we'll know how
we can continue to enjoy God's blessing of peace.
First, we'll consider how to be at peace with God.
Our greatest peace comes from having a personal relationship with Jehovah.
Making him our best friend, benefits us, and leads to peace in every other aspect of
our life.
How can we reach out for a close relationship with God?
We need more than a superficial knowledge of him.
We need to get to know Jehovah as a person and admire his qualities and ways.
Then we can love what he loves and hate what he hates.
During this program, listen for details about Jehovah that will draw you ever closer to
him.
Second, we'll consider how to be at peace with others.
Our home should be havens for peace for our families.
This means more than the absence of arguing.
It involves putting the interests of our family members ahead of our own.
As we'll learn from this program, that includes showing love and respect to one another, working
as a team, improving family communication, and worshipping Jehovah together.
Third, we'll consider how to be at peace despite trials and troublesome world conditions.
During this convention, we're going to tour the world to see how, despite opposition,
illness, economic problems, and natural disasters, our brothers really care for one another.
How they receive help from Jehovah's organization and how they continue their spiritual activity.
No matter what may threaten our lives or livelihood, we can be confident that Jehovah can help
us get through it and retain our peace of mind and heart.
Fourth, we'll consider how to enjoy peace eternally.
Once God's kingdom has lifted mankind to perfection, we'll no longer have to pursue peace.
As Psalm 72 verse 7 promises, the righteous will flourish, and peace will abound until
the moon is no more.
In other words, there will be peace forever.
This program will help us to anticipate future blessings from Jehovah.
When you see why pursue peace was well-chosen as the theme for this year's convention,
to pursue something means to chase it in order to capture it.
Because of the influence of Satan, his wicked world, and our own imperfections, peace is
constantly trying to elude us.
Therefore, we have to chase after it to capture it in our lives.
This convention program will help us do that.
May the God of peace be with all of you now and forever.
That's the heartfelt wish of all of us on the governing body because we love you dearly.
Please enjoy the entire convention program.